Aloha so the connections that we have
here at fashion I've got us into the
London collection men's Nicole firing
show and I got to go backstage and you
lady who was in charge of the collection
and some models and you nice I fucked
around on front row did the robot in
front of David Andy and it was
eventually asked to leave you would like
to watch that footage click on my face
and if you'd like to see what I got up
to then click on my face and if you're
watching from any other device the
footage will automatically play straight
after this enjoy bye so here we are
backstage at the Nicole Farhi show I'm
so over excited but I'm trying to
contain it there are loads of models
loads of clothes and I'm just excited to
get talking to people so let's see we
can find
season and we've been inspired by kind
of reducing things down to their essence
purity and really just keeping things
simple in in our very complicated modern
world I love it it's very earthy and
varied like mother nature whose fire
getting back to the core of things
getting back to the heart of things
we've got kind of an eclectic casting
but we've got some girls in the menswear
which I love I think you know girls look
fab in suits I'd love to maybe find one
of these girls and have a little chinwag
hi I'm here with Jade puppet who is one
of the female models in the show tell us
a little bit how that feels today what
it's really good fun I have a very often
done menswear collections obviously and
one of the nice things about it was as
you can see I'm quite tall and so I went
from my fitting usually fitting me in
trousers is a bit tricky everything fit
was like clearly should just be a boy
can you tell me about your outfit I
think it's the best outfit in the show
to be honest there we go
cheeky no I'm speaking to Joe about it
like I just thought I really do like it
a lot I'm not gonna lie do you think
it's pretty great I don't know it's like
frumpy and yeah buy it so I'm here with
Debbie who's one of the makeup artists
for the show we wanted to know what the
look is inspired by the collection sort
of had a lot of inspiration from like a
contrast of texture so you know when you
kind of think of like urban meets sort
of natural meets emphatic you know all
of those different kinds of things and
we sort of took her inspiration from
that and
wanted to keep the boys very very real
but they do a little bit of a groomed
element and so you know we've pumped rid
them a little bit give them a little bit
of a mini facial with some nice Mac
products jealous yeah I know look behind
me all the guys are lining up to go and
hit the catwalk and so excited
so thank you for watching what I got up
to and let's see what he got up to it's
so boring in the office if you got the
data from Steven oh no nevermind I'm at
the Nicole Farhi shower follow me
it must be really confusing for the
models to know exactly which way to go
so I'm tiny bit scared because you're
quite cool and everything not to ya the
uncoolest person here no no no don't
worry about that expecting from the
collection today I don't know what to
expect really I mean it some people ask
me that all the time but that's what we
know we knew what to expect you know and
come okay so welcome to flashback with a
very serious highbrow fashion channel
let's be here yeah okay so obviously I
saw your look and the reason I came up
to you straight away it was very much
that whole Canadian where the fuck is my
fridge arrow do you know there yeah I've
previewed the collection at Nicole fine
it's very sort of get the fuck out the
lobby kind of vibe you expected now
today yeah no is really a wonderful you
did not explode out so I'm really happy
where's the nearest toilet where's Gaga
where is the Sun where the fuck am I
also that whole like Italian the whole
pizza with the smack on the back thing I
can see that you're doing that really
well well thank you very much I'm trying
to do my best
so what you're doing here Ted show I'm
actually seeing the collection for I
will sing the collection no way I saw
you because we're channeling trends at
the moment and a trend
I noticed was very much like sort of
where's the shafts have you found the
plumber is that kind of like what you
were you're going for you no no
seriously no the whole plumber layering
thing is that little bit I just I love
to layer and I love a good thought
notice that lots of people are
channeling that whole tex-mex
buy-one-get-one three layering kind of
thing I can see that you've really done
that well yeah thinking that it's really
the thing in a moment so I'm not going
to deprive myself I'm doing it I just
got told don't not going to know by five
love you
closure MC I'm doing the robot plus
David Gandhi I'm doing doing the robot
okay so I went to the Burberry show and
I got a free hand bag and at Tom Ford I
got this really nice free coat it was
like floor-length amazing and I met
Nicole fahren I've got a bit of broken
glass but it's free though but dangerous
or any